The degree of damage is typically higher among pollution cases as compared to contamination since pollutants often disturb ecosystems . On the other hand , contaminants do not usually inhibit life cycles .And since it comes in a book format, it is also more expensive to purchase.Content is the big, vague factor in both comics and graphic novels. Some people think a graphic novel is a collection of previously released works which to an extent is true. However, a graphic novel can also contain nonfiction or fiction work with or without common themes.Repo rate might leave an impact on the investment amount, but its impact will not be as direct and drastic as a bank rate.
 ejb2.0 and ejb3.0 both serve its users in the same way but the central point about EJB 3.0 is that it has simplified the life of developers as compared to ejb2.0.ejb 3.0 can easily be used with pluggable third party persistence providers but ejb 2.0 has limitations in this respect.As you may have already figured out, the XSi is an upgrade to the XTi, and it does provide quite a handful of improvements compared to its predecessor.The Xsi comes with a Digic III processor, the next and better revision of the XTi’s Digic II.The Digic III is said to produce better images, consumes less power and is much faster compared to the Digic II.Instead of the 2.5 inch LCD screen on the XTi, the XSi is now equipped with 3.5 inch screen. The larger display makes it easier to review photos taken as you can see more detail on it. Another change is the move away from CF cards, to the more common SD cards. It’s not that SD cards are better than CF cards but it is hugely popular and is being used in many different devices aside from digital cameras. With the XSi, you can easily swap memory cards with your other devices or find a new one at a local store.Lastly, the battery of the XSi has been upgraded to one with a higher capacity.2.	The XTi has a lower sensor resolution than the XSi6.	The XTi has a lower capacity battery than the XSiUnderstanding where each diagnosis is more focused will help not just the patient, but his family as well, to fully comprehend how a medical diagnosis would be able to complement that of the nursing diagnosis, and vice versa. A nursing diagnosis recognizes and spots the risks and more importantly, the needs of the patient. What’s more, a nurse encompasses all types of settings, that is, a clinical setting, which would be within the hospital, and afterward, like that of the home setting when the patient is discharged from the hospital for any and all possible risks that would be considered as after effects of such an illness.A graphic novel ’s content can be fiction or non - fiction , or short stories with common themes . The number of pages can go as high as the story demands , and more often than not graphic novels have more pages than a comic book .Which rate is higher ? – If you observe the market , you will find that repo rate is comparatively lower than a bank rate .ejb 3.0 is better in performance in a way that it uses POJOs with newly introduced metadata annotation that is comparatively faster than XMLDescriptor files and JNDI Used by ejb 2.0 for object reference .1 . The XTi is the older 400D which was succeeded by the XSi , also known as the 450D4 . The XTi has a smaller screen than the XSiNot only do we get to see so many types of medication for a simple illness like a runny nose , a wheezing cough , or even an upset stomach , then should you be admitted to the hospital , there are even more diagnoses that would leave you more confused .Laymen are quite verbose and effusive in using terms that make them sound knowledgeable . There are times , though , that while learning something new is a great idea , learning how to use them appropriately is even better .The doctors who make the medical diagnosis come up with such diagnosis that would treat the medical problem , while the diagnosis made by the nurses , hence a nursing diagnosis , is focused on the care for such patient , behind that illness .On 18th September 2013, Apple rolled out the iOS 7 update for iPhone users followed by subsequent updates. In this article, we aim to provide users with the key differences between the two versions. If you are still stuck with iOS 6 and deciding whether to switch to iOS 7, read on to know more and then decide for yourself.
1) Interface
The most obvious changes in the iOS platform has been done to the user interface. Apple has provided us a more minimalistic look, removing any unnecessary features. The design is flatter with less texture on icons, removing the boxes surrounding certain options and the boxes at the top and bottom.3) Control Center
In a move to catch up with Android, iOS 7 introduces the Control Centre, a much awaited feature for the iPhone users. Now, you don’t need to open countless menus to switch on/off Wi-Fi, activate Airplane Mode etc. Simply swipe from the bottom of the screen and the Control Center appears. Apple has given 13 features here including Wi-Fi, Torch, Calculator and Flight mode.5) AirDrop
Gone are the days when you had to send a picture via mail to a person sitting right next to you. With the introduction of AirDrop in the new iOS 7, share pictures, videos and notes easily with any other iPhone having iOS 7.6) Automatic App Updating
Now you no longer need to manually update your apps and do the same tedious job all over again when a new update rolls out. This new feature on iOS 7 allows you to automatically update apps. You can, of course disable this feature if you still want to update everything manually.App icons are also given a new feel in this platform to keep with the changing trends. The camera has been changed from a lens to a conventional camera image resembling the one in Instagram, the old sunflower in Photos has been replaced by a color wheel. 7) Apps and App icons
App icons are also given a new feel in this platform to keep with the changing trends. The camera has been changed from a lens to a conventional camera image resembling the one in Instagram, the old sunflower in Photos has been replaced by a color wheel. Also, the folders are translucent. They change color in accordance with your wallpaper. Also, in the new iOS 7, you can have multiple pages in a folder when you cross 9 apps as against in iOS 6 where all the apps were stuffed in a single page.
Built-in apps like weather, camera, and photos also receive some upgrades which enrich your experience. The weather app now portrays a more realistic background resembling the weather when you open it. Besides it gives an hour-by-hour breakdown.
The camera provides much richer and speedier experience. Just swipe across to choose from video-mode, panorama and square mode. It also adds some Instagram style filters for more effects.
Photos has been redesigned too with a new interface and it allows you to sort your pictures on the basis of the location where it was taken. Zoom out to sort photos by date and year.
Sure, the iOS 7 takes some time getting used too. But with the vast new features and easier handling and multi-tasking, we surely recommend users to update to the latest version.4.CGI can be more vulnerable to attacks than servlets5.CGI can directly process scripts while it needs to be translated and compiled to before it can be run as a servletUnlike their counterpart, executive directors are involved in the daily management, operations, and other company proceedings.1.“Director” is a very broad title for a person who works in the top tier of management of a for-profit company or a non-profit organization. Meanwhile, the title of “executive director” is specific. Other types of directors include: non-executive director, inside director, outside director, and others.2.Directors have a variety of functions depending on the needs of the company. All directors are part of the Board of Directors. The head of this group is the executive director.6.Other members of the Board of Directors offer their support to the executive director as their leader in many ways. Some directors, like non-executive directors, offer advice, linkages, expertise, and objectivity from the outside. Other directors can carry out tasks set by the executive director as special projects for the company. In terms of legality, only executive directors are liable and necessary. However, non-executive directors and other types are very helpful in terms of the division of labor and other company-related tasks.If a person is using CMP, they would need a more sophisticated application server, than what is needed for a BMP.If a person is using CMP, they would need a more sophisticated application server, than what is needed for a BMP.Brown sugar can be of two different types ‘“ free flowing and sticky. Brown sugar is moister than white sugar. If left exposed to air, it will dry out and harden quickly.As brown sugar is unrefined it has more amounts of minerals.The number of calories in brown sugar is more than that in white sugar.Despite being incompatible to the existent GSM networks, 3G technology has proven itself to be significant enough to warrant the gradual rollout of the infrastructure needed to support it.  The speed that we experience with 3G is so much more compared to GPRS and it has allowed multiple capabilities like video calling and even live TV via streaming.In computer science, it is essential to learn the basic structure of how the software performs it tasks. It is their task to make sense of the Mathematica formulas of the real world and convert it into a series of steps that the computer can follow. The areas that were considered to be major parts of computer science was initially set to:
Programming Languages and Methodology
Data Structures
Algorithms
Computer Architecture and Elements
And theories in computationHeadphones are a decent bargain when you wish to enjoy superior quality sound at home without much of the bells and whistles, whereas earphones are an ideal choice, if you are into commuting because of being extremely lightweight and portable. Headphones are good at capturing bass tones, which makes them ideal for bass lovers who wouldn’t compromise on sound quality. In addition, they cut off the external noise efficiently to provide a rich listening experience.
 
Difference Between Bone Scan and Bone Density Scan
    • Categorized under Health | Difference Between Bone Scan and Bone Density Scan
The Difference between Bone Scan and Bone Density Scan
As people aged a lot of health issues come to surface. The skin, which was once youthful and taut, becomes old and saggy, joints that were limber become arthritic and stiff and bones that were strong and tough- weakens and becomes brittle. We have 208 bones in the body, if any of these significantly weaken then the body mechanics can be thrown out of balance affecting the overall physical health.
During this time doctors recommend a series of test to prevent to diagnose certain conditions brought about by wear and tear. Good diagnostic exams detect unseen medical problems, but that is not always the case. Undergoing these examinations will help prevent serious medical issues if the problem is detected early on. Bone scan and bone density scans are some of the tests that should be done annually when you reached the middle age. Some people think that these tests are scary and painful, but these are actually fairly safe and relatively painless procedures.
Bone Scan
The bone scan is a specialized diagnostic procedure to determine specific medical issues about the bones. It is a nuclear radiology test that uses a radioactive substance commonly known as tracer or radionuclide. The substance is injected into the bloodstream through a direct IV or IV infusion. A period of 2-3 hours is needed to let the tracer collet within the bone tissues. The tracer emits a type of radiation- gamma radiation, which makes it possible for the scanner to process information through images of the bones.
The scanner that captures the images of the bones or the skeleton has a unique camera analogous to “Geiger counter” – it uses film to capture the radioactivity. The procedure takes 30 to 90 minutes.
The areas of concentration where the radionuclide collets, appear black on the images. These dark spots usually indicate conditions such as:

 


Fractures
Infections
Bone Tumors
Arthritis


Bone cancer
Bone trauma
Other bone conditions, including osteoporosis


 
There are no harmful risks associated with this procedure. The radioactive component is minimal and disappears within hours. The injection of tracer may cause a little discomfort, but it is tolerable for most patients. The only problem, which is rarely encountered during this procedure, is the allergic reaction of individuals who have hypersensitivity to the radionuclide.
Bone Density Scan
Bone density scan sometimes referred to as DEXA (Dual X-ray Absorptiometry Test) is one of the easiest diagnostic exams you will ever have. All it takes is for you to lie on your back on a cushioned table top while being scanned by a low dose x-ray to measure the mineral density of a bone. Normally, the exam involves scanning the following:
Lumbar vertebrae or the lower spine
Hips or the upper section of the femur
Bones of the forearm
Bones of the wrist
*These are the bones in the body that have the tendency to thin and break easily.
The whole procedure only takes a few minutes, but prior to this, a relevant medical history taking is required. The procedure is by no means causes claustrophobic and the radiation is minimal, even the technologist who operates the machine needs no protection and can seat close by.
There is no tedious preparation for a bone density scan, all you need to do is remove metal objects – such as coins, jewelries, buttons and zippers. Metals can interfere with the result, which is why patients are asked to wear a gown to be safely scanned.
When the procedure is completed, the score will be in the form of a T-score. Below are the parameters how a T-score is interpreted:

 

T-Score

Interpretations

-1.0
 
-1.0 to -2.5
 
-2.5 and below
Bones are healthy, normal and strong
 
Bones are beginning to this and you are likely at risk of osteoporosis
 
Indicates that you already have osteoporosis

As you can see, bone scan and bone density scan are pretty simple procedures and is nothing to be unduly concerned over. Having these tests can determine medical problems that can cause serious issues if left undetected and untreated. Early diagnosis and interventions are very essential. It’s better safe than sorry.
  The rule of the king was demolished after it received independence. German rulers gave special status to Tutsis as the rulers found them to be superior to Hutus.The start menu is more advanced in Vista compared to XP. With Vista, you have a much broader range of search leverage.In Vista there is a power button in the bottom right hand corner. This allows all the pending updates to be installed and then once the update process is completed puts the computer into sleep mode. This is not something that XP has.According to Microsoft, security of Windows Vista is much improved than XP. As part of this, a new feature called UAC (User Account Control) is included in Vista.Federations are quite common today: the United States, Canada and Switzerland are just few of the most notorious examples, although Switzerland retained the title “confederation” (Confederatio Helvetica) even after becoming a federation.The sugar being used for daily home purposes are the white refined sugar . It is available as free flowing , granulated , cubes , and even in tablet forms .The biggest among them is cellular connectivity . With the use of a mini - SIM , you can connect to the Internet via 3G. The Blackberry Playbook does n’t have a SIM card slot , so you are stuck with using WiFi .But , only the Dell Streak 7 has a LED flash , which may come in handy when the environment is dark .Diploma and Bachelor degrees represent two different levels of education.  When comparing the two, a Bachelor’s degree represents a higher level of education.Professional and vocational schools, high schools, trade schools and community colleges confer diploma certificates.  Unlike diploma certificates, universities and colleges award the Bachelor’s degree.When comparing the duration of the courses, one can come across a difference between the diploma and Bachelor’s degree.  A diploma course is shorter when compared to Bachelor’s degree.For pursuing a Bachelor’s degree, a student must have a high school diploma or something equivalent to it.   So a high school diploma is a stepping-stone to a Bachelor’s degree.In the job scene, a Bachelor’s degree is more valued than a diploma certificate.Moreover, a candidate with a Bachelor’s degree has chances of earning more than a candidate with a diploma.Unlike a Bachelor’s degree, a diploma is usually awarded for vocational and professional courses, like pharmacy, designing, journalism, art and engineering.A diploma course is shorter when compared to a bachelor’s degree.A Bachelor’s degree is more valued than a diploma certificate.The difference in the price of the Xoom 3G/4G and Xoom WiFi is quite reasonable given that Motorola needed to add another piece of hardware. This is the cellular 3G/4G modem that is needed to connect to the cellular network. This hardware doesn’t really add much to the size or weight of the Xoom so there is no obvious bump.If you ask a typical man, his immediate remark would be that there is no difference between ivory and white.
Ivory is just another shade of white like eggshell, diamond white, off-white, ecru or cream. This shade of white is known as ivory because it resembles the color of tusks and horns of animals ‘“ the most famous being the ivory tusk of the elephant.Because of its complexity level, there is no doubt that Cantonese is the more difficult dialect for beginners to learn.Having 3G/4 G connectivity can greatly increase the usefulness of the Xoom for those who are constantly on the move . Given that you are under the appropriate network coverage , you connect to the internet via the cellular network and check or send emails , listen to internet radio , check your facebook page , or chat with a friend just about anywhere ; things that you can not do with the Xoom WiFi on the bus , train , or any moving vehicle . You can still use your Xoom WiFi on the move , but only for offline purposes like listening to music or watching videos that are already on your device .Another advantage of the ivory shaded gown is that if you dress has a lot of details like filigree work or self embroidery , it shows much better in an ivory colored dress vis - Ã -vis a pure white colored gown .Intranets are easier to secure than ExtranetsBecause of the bigger body size among the typical moose, their tracks sink deeper into the soil. The lighter legs and slightly smaller build of the elk leaves shallower marks on the ground. This depends, of course, on the type of ground (hard or soft).ntranets do not usually go through the Internet while typical Extranets doThe populists also strove for the same kind of modernization as the progressivists but made sure not to compromise social justice. That’s why many view populism as a form of struggle between the elite and the lower classes.Populism is an older campaign theory than progressivism. Diet Coke is also known as ‘Coca-Cola light’ in some countries and it is the No. 3 soft drink in the world. It is preferred by people who want no calories, but plenty of taste. Diet coke comes in many different flavours such as Black Cherry Cola Vanilla, Cola, Cola Green Tea, Cola Lemon, Cola Lemon Lime, Cola Lime, Cola Orange and Cola Raspberry.It’s been believed that men are more reluctant to buy diet coke because the word ‘diet’ associated with women. Therefore, to market the product ‘Coke Zero’ been produced to associate masculinity.
Abiotic factors affect the living organisms in a community. In a barren ecosystem new organisms start colonizing the ecosystem. They depend on the environmental components to thrive well in the system. These environmental components which facilitate the thriving of the organisms are the abiotic factors. It can be the soil, climate, water, energy, and anything helping the sustenance of the organism. The abiotic components impact the evolution cycle.In an ecosystem, if one factor is altered, it can impact the whole system. The availability of the other resources in the system can be impacted as a whole. Human beings are capable of altering the physical environment through development, construction, farming, and pollution. As a result the abiotic components in the system change and affect the biotic organisms. Global warming affects many organisms like plants and microbes. Acid rains have resulted in the destruction of the fish population.Jehovah’s Witnesses do not use any idol or religious symbol in their worship and they don’t celebrate special occasions with pagan roots, vice versa on the Catholics.The Islamic Republic of Iran has a unique political system.  It has the trappings of a republican system while maintaining the absolute rule of an elite revolutionary Islamic council.  That is why the country has a sitting president and a Supreme Leader at the same time.  Here are the major differences between the president of Iran and the Supreme Leader.Anime closer to reality than cartoonsWahabis do not observe annual Sufi festivals, events or the birthday of Prophet Muhammad.Ukrainian has stronger intonation than Russian.Ukraine was a part of USSR/Russia, and is a much smaller country.Ukraine’s flag is of totally different colors compared to Russia’s, which is not the case with the Australia/England flags.
 The North Indians are taller, and more strongly built than the South Indians.The South Indians are a bit darker than the North Indians.When compared to the North Indian food, the South Indian food is spicier.The South Indians use more tamarind and coconut when compared to North Indians.White collar jobs are made synonymous to professionals who obtained higher degrees and education.White collar jobs are linked to the generally higher paying type of jobs.White collar jobs often have a cleaner of ‘better’ workplaces.White collar jobs are more corporate and managerial while blue collar jobs are often non management but actual physical labor type of jobs.Biotic components shape an ecosystem and are the living components in the organism ’s environment . In a grassland ecosystem , biotic components can be categorized as producers , consumers , and decomposers . The producers capture the solar energy , use the nutrients available , and produce energy . For example , grasses , trees , lichens , cyanobacteria , etc are producer . Consumers do not have the ability to produce or capture energy on their own and depend on the producers . They are the herbivores , carnivores , and omnivores . Decomposers break down the organic layer providing nutrients for the producers . Insects , fungi , bacteria , etc . are examples of decomposers . In the grassland ecosystem , soil is the important link between the biotic and abiotic components .In contrast to Lutheran belief, Baptists view Baptism as a testimony of a preceding act of repentance and the acceptance of Christ as a personal Savior.The Taiwanese are considered to maintain better human relations than the Chinese.Unlike the Taiwanese, the Chinese are more ambitious.The Taiwanese are considered to have a more loving heart than the Chinese.Taiwanese have more respect for each other, and they also upkeep the equality of males and females.Taiwanese women have more freedom than the Chinese women.In economic terms, Taiwanese have a better economic position than the Chinese.Unlike the Chinese, Taiwanese people enjoy more political freedom.The education standards are higher in Taiwan than in China.In health standards, the Taiwanese are more advanced than the Chinese.
 When comparing the two syrups, the High Fructose Corn Syrup is sweeter. This is what makes High Fructose Corn Syrup the preferred additive in processed foods, fast foods and sodas.The High Fructose Corn Syrup is a highly concentrated form ofÂ corn syrup.As there is more sugar, the High Fructose Corn Syrup will add to the glucose levels in the body. This means that Corn Syrup is less dangerous than High Fructose Corn Syrup.Corn Syrup does not dissolve as easily as High Fructose Corn Syrup because of its viscosity.
The Xperia X10i supports slightly different frequency bands for 3G than the Xperia X10The Xperia X10 is used mostly in the US and South America while the Xperia X10i is used in Europe and Asia.Hash is also smoked in the same ways as Weed except it is stronger and more potent, and thus ‘potentially’ more damaging.Contracts and agreements are used for the same purpose, however a contract is a professional agreement.Nuclear energy requires more safety precautions than coal energy.Nuclear energy requires much less materials than coal energy.Nuclear energy does not produce air pollution like coal energy.Nuclear energy is more expensive than coal energy.Another major difference between coal energy and nuclear energy is the energy density. A small uranium pellet, that’s slightly bigger than a pencil eraser, could contain as much energy as a ton of coal.Another difference between the two is where they are located. The townhouse is located in a crowded place unlike the villas.In ancient Rome, the people who lived in villas were the people of the aristocracy. These are the people who have high positions in the Roman empire, like their politics, etc. Just as in the contemporary setting, people of the upper classes are the ones living in villas.When it comes to horsepower, the Sonata has more engine power than the Civic. Sonata has a higher torque which make it accelerates faster than the Civic.The Sonata has a higher tank capacity than the Civic.The Civic trumps the Sonata when it comes to fuel economy.Both languages resemble the Malayalam language, but Tamil is closer than Kannada to Malayalam and has been a dialect of the Tamil language until the 9th century.However, in AC circuits, voltage and current may get out of phase.  Therefore, kW and kVA will differ depending on the Power Factor, or how much leading or lagging occurs.Dogs are more affectionate when compared to cats.A town is a human settlement that is larger than a village.A town is a distinct government entity while a village can be a part of a town or a separate settlement.Banks, stores, and other commercial establishments are located in towns rather than in villages.A town has a more complex economic and utilities system than a village.Towns are more urbanized than villages not relying on agriculture for its economy. Villages have smaller land areas than towns since towns are actually villages that have expanded or extended annexing nearby villages.Mexican Spanish is clearer and more melodious compared to Puerto Rican Spanish; they also differ in grammar and pronunciation.The MSRP difference of the two cars is not very significant but the Civic would cost less than the Sonata . Civic is also known to have a better resell value .The MSRP difference of the two cars is not very significant but the Civic would cost less than the Sonata .